Come on.
Let's go to our home.
You dropped it at the bus station.
(Six missed calls from Landlord)
You called me so many times.
Yes.
I called you a lot.
Would it be all right if I shower first?
I sweated too much.
Yes. Go ahead.
Okay.
Why...
Yes?
Why are you following me in?
I didn't follow you.
I didn't realize.
Yes, I figured as much.
You should go wash up.
(Come to YOLO Cafe, 24. Complaint: Stalking)
He's the suspect of Namgang Station Kidnap case.
The one that stalked a university student?
The details match, including the wrench.
Then why didn't you tell me?
Didn't you know earlier?
You said it was hard for you to find that job.
I couldn't be too hasty at informing you.
It would have been better if you tipped me off.
I could have acted oblivious while watching over him.
You? Act oblivious?
What is it?
Do you think I can't do it?
I overacted.
So please don't say...
"us"...
so easily.
I asked if you took the bus home.
Do I have to answer that?
No,
- it's not necessary. - Exactly.
You think he knows about our contract?
Yes.
He called you a fake husband.
Why did you marry a fake husband?
Even if he's a stalker, how did he find out?
I'm not sure.
That's something only two of us know.
- Is it because of my phone? - Pardon?
He said that after seeing how I saved you on my phone.
He asked me if you're really my landlord and not a husband.
Yes.
I noticed that you saved me as "Landlord".
It's not common.
Why would you save my number like that?
Then what should I save you as?
There's nothing else.
Well... There's my name.
Se Hee.
Then what did you save me as?
Of course I saved you as...
"Tenant"...
Bo Mi's uncle works at the police station,
so we've informed him.
I'm sure it'll be resolved tomorrow.
What happens to Bok Nam?
He will be locked up.
Okay.
That was close!
Sanchez. He has to pass.
- The ball gets delivered. - It's Giroud.
- It's going in! - Sanchez!
- Goal! - Yes!
What a clean shot.
- Sanchez is amazing. - It's a team goal.
That's right.
Sanchez is hugging his teammates.
It was a counterattack.
It was a perfect goal.
Everything was on beat.
Thank you...
for coming running to me.
For walking down with me.
And for...
calling it our home.
Were you upset...
because I drew a line?
Because I told you not to act like my wife around others?
And because I told you not to call us, "Us"?
Did I upset you?
Yes.
I...
don't want to become your burden.
Unlike others,
our marriage started with an agreement that it'll end.
It provided you a place to live,
and it allowed me to profit by getting rent.
It was a mutual agreement,
but after the contract ends,
the damage might be bigger for you than me.
You're a woman,
and you're younger than me.
That's why the society might look at you more harshly.
I thought I should minimize creating a relationship with you.
I also thought that we should...
avoid sharing anything...
if I can help it.
You were thinking about that the whole time?
About what happens after our marriage is over,
and how it would impact me?
I wouldn't say I thought about it the whole time,
but the thought came to me after our wedding.
Why?
Because I made a promise.
I promised your mother...
I wouldn't make any trouble for you.
I wanted to keep it.
I still want to keep it.
I don't know much about Ji Ho yet,
but at a certain point,
she'll choose a path that makes her happy.
During our marriage, I'll try...
not to be an inconvenience to her choice.
That's all I can promise you.
(Landlord)
(Calling Landlord)
Hello?
It's me.
Yes. I know.
When I...
graduated school and started the assistant writer job,
I got paid 800 dollars a month.
Then my father told me...
to quit right away and to come back home.
He told me to grow spinach instead.
We had a small garden in our backyard.
If we grew spinach for a week, I would make more than that.
No one understood my job,
but do you know how I was able to start it?
I wasn't thinking.
I didn't think to become a great writer.
I didn't think to become famous,
or to succeed.
I never thought about such things.
I came across a script by chance,
and it was so much fun I went crazy over it.
That's why I just jumped in.
It was fun writing every day.
I didn't want to achieve something...
or make something of myself through writing.
It never occurred to me.
That's why...
I won't think about what happens to me two years from now.
If I had,
I probably couldn't have gotten married.
I just...
needed this room right away,
and I liked how safe I felt here.
I didn't want to part ways with Kitty either.
Also,
the landlord looked trustworthy.
That's why I did it.
I liked being a part of this house.
So it's not important to me...
what happens after our marriage.
I don't even think about it.
So...
don't cross a line between us...
on purpose.
Okay.
Don't...
lock your door either.
Okay.
Then, goodnight.
I have something to say too.
Don't call me your landlord.
People might think you live alone.
When you're in front of others,
call me your husband.
Something dangerous might happen again.
Don't let others think you're alone.
For the next two years, you...
belong to this house along with me.
Okay.
Okay. Goodnight, then.
Hey. How did you know I was there?
I didn't have my phone.
(Enjoying the night view on my way back from work)
It's under construction. I don't think I can go any further.
Is there any other way to go up there?
This is the only way to go by car.
What about the way to go by foot?
- This must be the way. - Okay, thank you.
It might take more than 30 minutes though.
Let's go watch soccer.
(Landlord)
(Husband)
Come on.
Let's go to our home.
(Husband)
(Because This Is My First Time Belonging to Somewhere)
(Wife)
(Husband)
Hello?
You're home.
And why did you call me?
That's...
I called you by mistake while trying to turn off the alarm.
Well...
I see.
Did you have a good night's sleep?
Yes, what about you, Ji Ho?
Me too.
Kitty, how are you here?
She took a taxi and came home alone.
She was crying outside to come in, so I opened the door for her.
She can do that?
Of course not.
It was a joke.
I see, it was a joke.
Yes.
Hello. What's up?
Hello, Bo Mi.
I haven't watched the news yet.
Watch the newscast? Why?
What?
He got caught?
The culprit of the kidnap case that happened in October 30...
got arrested by the police this dawn.
He stalked a woman whom he met through an online game,
kidnapped her, and locked her up for 13 hours.
The police arrested the culprit...
and are investigating on his additional crime.
I still can't believe it.
I had no idea he'd be this kind of person.
You don't even fully know who you are, so it's hard to know others.
Are you really okay to go to work today?
The police could visit the cafe.
I'm okay.
He got arrested, so I'm okay with going to work.
I'll see you at home later.
You'll take a bus home, right?
Yes.
I'll see you later.
Bye.
Bok Nam, that punk.
Ji Ho, are you okay?
I'm okay.
The landlord came to...
I mean...
My husband...
came for me.
I know. I heard it from Soo Ji.
Your husband is amazing.
We all fell for his smile,
and how did he collect all the information?
Exactly. He collected all the evidence...
without my knowledge.
He's so meticulous.
Maybe Won Seok is right.
I heard you have to be incredibly smart to solve that cube.
Your husband set the record of it in the company, right?
No wonder.
He's a meticulous person who never allows mistakes.
My goodness, he took 52 seconds.
Se Hee, you're amazing.
He's the best.
- I know. - It doesn't make sense.
- It's crazy. - It's unbelievable.
- Goodness. - How did he solve it so fast?
- It's impressive. - Goodness.
- He's so cool. - Is he even a human?
- I bet he's not. - How did he do it?
Se Hee, can I have a moment with you if you're done?
It's work-related.
Did you do something to him last night?
You didn't cross the line, did you?
You didn't hit him, right?
Do you think I'm the kind of person to hit people?
Thank goodness.
Instead, I kicked his motorbike.
- You kicked what? - That expensive bike?
It's worth 40,000 dollars,
but it got knocked down at once.
Besides,
I didn't even give my all to kick it hard.
Why are you staring at me like that?
I'm serious. I didn't give my all.
I told you in the morning that the culprit got arrested.
Yes, I watched the news broadcasting as well.
Take a look at this.
It's the culprit's picture which I got from my uncle.
It turned out someone stole and used his picture on the account.
- What? - You saw it too.
Bok Nam is a popular celebrity on social media.
You can acquire a lot of information by spying on social media.
The culprit created a new account and posted Bok Nam's picture.
He acted like he was Bok Nam and approached women.
He's a habitual offender.
Then who...
is he?
He's just a hard-working part-timer.
He's an innocent civilian too.
You...
Why are you eating toast there and not in the police station?
I heard your husband tore down his motorcycle yesterday.
- What? - Your husband...
kicked his motorcycle until it was completely torn down.
Sir, it was because...
he is a stalker.
What? Stalker?
He's the kidnap suspect of Namgang Station case.
Did he escape?
I think we have to call the police first, sir.
Ji Ho, this is really rude.
He's just a normal human being. How can you say he's a criminal?
That's the point. He does look normal.
- Do you want to start something? - Please stop it, Dad.
Who are you trying to stop me?
Dad?
Call your husband now!
Did you say he is the suspect of Namgang Station kidnap case?
I apologize. I was confused.
If you were confused, you should have talked to him first.
You are a grown-up. How can you break his motorcycle?
It's an expensive one!
- I'm sorry. - I'm sorry.
Do you know what that motorcycle means to him?
He even used his housing deposit to buy that motorcycle.
How can someone look so modest do such a thing?
Hello?
That's right.
I didn't want to make a big deal out of it.
But nobody can stop my dad when he's really upset.
I didn't tell him one thing though.
Your fake marriage.
How did you find that out?
Didn't you guys go to the wedding venue by bus?
That doesn't happen normally.
Especially when you are really getting married.
I thought it was a bit funny at first.
Do you think you'll need a handkerchief by any chance?
I've heard the groom needs to wipe the bride's tears...
when she cries.
Why would I cry?
That doesn't sound like me at all.
I see. I'm really glad.
By the way, I would love to pay half of your dress.
Don't worry about it. It didn't cost me that much anyway.
The more I listened, the weirder it got.
You had to buy extra things like the bouquet and the wedding shoes.
I will deduct those expenses from your rent next month.
Thank you.
Today?
I can't. I have to work this evening.
And you got off at the wedding venue where I work.
Bok Nam, will you please set up the board in the waiting room?
I will.
Excuse me.
It's okay.
- I'm sorry. - It's fine.
What's going on?
So I thought...
you two were not in a normal situation.
I thought it was something like a contractual marriage.
Well done.
- Thank you. - Thanks for your work.
Thank you, Bo Mi.
Thank you so much.
- Why don't you take one more? - What?
We frame one picture for free.
Why don't you take one more picture for that?
- We don't need it. - Okay.
Is it free? Then we'll do that.
Go back to where you were.
Don't you need to pose a little bit?
You guys don't seem to be close to each other at all.
Do they?
Se Hee, try something else.
Something else?
You can kiss her.
- What? - What?
You can put your arm around her waist.
It's a wedding picture.
What you've done is so lame.
They will blame the photographer for ages if that's the final result.
Just try something.
I mean, you two can at least try to be physically affectionate now.
Okay.
It's so much better, isn't it?
I agree. Shaking hands can be also something physically affectionate.
Here we go.
How did you know about my signature?
You signed when you were paying for the wedding venue.
(Nam Se Hee)
That's right.
Then why did you take out the wrench?
Why?
I was going to open your beer. We didn't have a bottle opener.
Why don't you drink now, you fake husband and wife?
Or should I call you happy slappers?
That's...
By the way, I'll claim for the damages tomorrow.
The motorcycle...
Bok Nam.
Mr. Yeon.
No. Sir.
Can I talk to you for a second?
You came here early today. Did you only do the morning shift?
Yes, I need some days like this.
Are you going to the get-together today?
The get-together?
Do you mean the one with the high school classmates?
I will definitely go.
Isn't it for getting Su Jin's wedding invitation card too?
Yes, it is.
Is Ji Ho going to be there too?
I want it to have some colors today.
- Are you sure? - I'm off tomorrow. It's fine.
- You are here. - I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. Did you guys wait for a long time?
It's okay. Aren't you cold?
How did it go? Is Bok Nam really upset?
Does Se Hee need to sell his house to pay back for his motorcycle?
Stop speaking too fast.
Did you guys sort things out?
We don't have to sell the house.
We talked to him well and it's all fine now.
Something's different about that expensive motorcycle though.
Everything's fine but the side mirror. We just need to...
pay for that by installments.
I just need to work harder because it's Bok Nam's store.
Who knew he's the store owner's son?
Anyway, it changed our view of...
- your husband a little bit. - How?
He's someone who doesn't spend any money, basically.
But he tore down that expensive motorcycle.
We were completely shocked.
I was a bit shocked too.
You didn't tell me, but I guess he's a devoted husband, right?
That's the power of love. I know it's hard for you to understand.
Stop being annoying.
I'm not in a good mood because I'm going to this stupid get-together.
What is that?
I was curious about that too.
What is it and why you guys call it like that?
You'll know when you get there.
I was thinking about cutting my hair.
How are you?
I'm so glad to hear that.
- Earlier... - What I thought was...
By the way, the cosmetics I use these days are...
Ji Ho, say something about your marriage.
We are actually pretty sad.
How did you not tell us about it at all?
I'm sorry. I was really busy.
Where do you live now?
Is it an apartment? Did you rent it or buy it?
We bought it.
- That's awesome. - Your husband must be making a lot.
We took some loan out too.
Who can buy a house without it these days? That's nothing.
We were so happy like you guys are when we first got married.
Are you happy because you are married now?
Yes, I am.
I think I am happy.
What do you like about it?
My husband also came home right away after work...
and had good time with me during our first year.
Doesn't he look for you right away when he gets home?
What? Yes, he does.
He does that a lot too.
- Hey, Kitty. - He looks for me...
- Kitty. - and calls out my name.
When I go greet him,
You're home.
he holds me tight...
Bye then.
and brings me into our bedroom.
- Gosh. - My goodness.
- That's too hot. - That's very hot.
But don't give birth too early.
It's over once you give birth.
Hey, that's possible only when we're in our 20s. We're too old now.
You're right. I think it's better to give birth early too.
But then that thought evaporates after visiting the in-law's.
Hey, they must be way better than...
the jerks I meet at work.
Let's drink and get over it.
Cheers.
Soo Ji, do you still drink so much?
You're amazing.
I craved for beer so much when I was pregnant,
so I calmed myself by watching beer commercials.
Didn't you just want to look at Song Joong Ki, the commercial star?
Hey, Park Bo Gum's way more popular than Song Joong Ki.
How would single girls like you understand how I must've felt?
I wouldn't know.
Is there a smoking room?
- You can smoke by the parking lot. - Okay.
- Why did you ask that? - Because I might get fined...
if I just smoke anywhere.
That's right. The fine's about 100 dollars.
Soo Ji.
Aren't you going to get married?
Yes, I don't want to.
You might get married later if your thoughts change.
You're right. I might if my thoughts change.
Then shouldn't you quit smoking?
- What? - Aren't I right?
If you're going to give birth, you might want to quit smoking...
because nicotine accumulates in your body.
That's really bad for your body.
- I see. - You're right. It's really bad.
- Did you see that? - What?
- They are... - That's right. If you want to...
give birth, it's important to take care of your body.
so nosy. That's the meaning of this get-together's name.
Why do people get so nosy when they get married?
They tell you to do this and that.
That's why everyone gets married.
The most fun part of life is to tell people what to do.
Ho Rang.
Didn't you eat something at the dinner?
- Are you hungry? - Yes.
I was hungry.
I couldn't eat much there. My stomach was upset.
I was the one who fought with them. Why would your stomach be upset?
I was jealous.
My stomach got upset because I was jealous of my married friends.
So I couldn't eat anything.
It's really different when we're in 30s. I'm getting out of shape too.
I know. I get easily tired when I serve at the restaurant.
My skin's older too.
- Yesterday... - That's right.
My body changed after giving birth. Didn't yours change too?
Your kid's in kindergarten now. You're all done.
That's nonsense. I have to take care of the kid for my whole life.
I'm so tired. You know how I never weighed more than 46kg.
I never weighed heavier than that.
- That's how it is. - My weight changed too.
I can't be on diet too.
Bye guys.
Bye.
Gosh, my skirt's going to explode.
I haven't had that much food for a while.
Then shall we walk for a bit?
Shall we?
Hee Ji and Young Ok became best friends after they got married.
I know.
They never got along before.
Ji Ho, you too.
What? Me?
They weren't comfortable with you before.
But they're much closer to you after you got married.
You guys have a common ground.
That's because we haven't seen each other for a long time.
To be honest, there's nothing wrong with what they said earlier.
- About what? - In the end, women...
are the ones that give birth.
So it's better to give birth when we're younger and healthier.
Then it's only right to get married when I'm younger.
Ho Rang.
Why do you want to get married?
You know this, right?
I never wore black clothes when I was young.
Of course.
Your clothes were all red, pink, and yellow.
Whenever we hung out,
Soo Ji and I would guess what color your outfit...
would be on that day.
But when I open my closet now,
I only select clothes that don't stand out.
They suit every other clothes...
and they don't look fancy.
That's why I like them now.
You know,
there's this woman whom my mom hangs out with...
who works as a team manager in an insurance company.
She's really fit because she works out and watches her diet,
and she has no wrinkles.
She makes a lot of money too.
She always treats meals to my mom and her friends.
And the other ladies envy her for being so cool.
I see.
But...
whenever my mom and her friends go somewhere,
they always leave that lady out.
Really? Why?
That lady...
is the red coat.
She couldn't get married because she was too busy working.
Ji Ho,
I just want to live an ordinary life like everyone else.
A life as a married woman...
with a husband and children.
I want to talk about in-laws and raising kids...
with my friends.
I want to wear black coats that fit in everywhere.
I want to be like everyone else who doesn't stand out.
I want to do what everyone else does...
and share similar stories we can all laugh about.
That's my dream.
To me,
marriage is something that proves...
that I'm all right and I have a value as a woman.
Marriage is like that black coat.
Ho Rang...
was a girl who looked good in red.
Darn it. What's taking her so long?
- She'll come. - Ji Ho! Soo Ji!
Goodness, I want to go home.
- Hold on. - Why?
Are you a red light or something?
What? Isn't it pretty?
It's gross.
- Let's go. - Let's go!
She was always confident...
even when she wore a coat that stands out.
That's how Ho Rang used to be.
(Friends)
(Kyung Hye)
When did we...
begin to feel shame...
for wearing a different color?
What's even bitter...
In 1, 2, 3.
is that...
I also felt quite happy for wearing a black coat...
that resembles marriage.
No, to be more honest...
Ji Ho, congratulations on your marriage once again.
Since we're all married women, let's see each other more often.
That's right. Let's all meet with our husbands.
Welcome to married life.
It felt really good.
It felt good...
to belong somewhere.
What are you doing here?
You texted me earlier that you're coming by bus.
It was getting late,
and there was an incident with Bok Nam yesterday.
So I was a little worried...
as a co-inhabitant.
As a co-inhabitant?
Yes.
Is it like a favor done by a landlord?
Or are you caring for me since I'm a tenant?
No, it's more like a soccer club owner...
caring for its own players.
I see.
Shall we get going?
You met with your alumni?
Yes.
It was actually a little weird.
They aren't that close to me,
but because I got married,
I felt much closer to them.
It sort of felt like belonging in a group.
I haven't felt that way for a long time.
It actually...
felt good.
I guess you're going through a phase of belonging somewhere.
- Pardon? - Maslow's hierarchy of needs.
People seek for the next level of need after satisfying one.
Why are you...
suddenly talking about Maslow?
It's not sudden. Your current condition...
is the basic need of humans.
For you, you are satisfying...
the most basic needs through marriage.
And through me, you're satisfying the next need, which is safety.
So now you're in the third level, which is the need of belonging.
You now have to satisfy the need of belonging somewhere.
I'm just saying those feelings...
are just animal-like needs.
I feel this occasionally.
They're all vain needs of humans.
He's sometimes really obnoxious.
Why are you looking at me like that?
There are...
no stars in the sky tonight.
I transferred this month's rental today.
Yes, I checked it.
[VIU Ver] E09 Because This is My First Life
"Because This Is My First Time Belonging to Somewhere"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Ho Rang, are you still sleeping?
Yes.
Get up. It's noon already.
Let me sleep some more. I should sleep in on my day off.
Hurry! I want to hang the blankets outside when the sun's out.
Why are you cleaning so hard today of all days?
Stop scratching already.
Ho Rang, you might get dandruff.
What?
Now that we're in our seventh year, you don't care anymore.
You used to get up first and wash your hair.
You even put on makeup. But look at you now.
You're the one who's being ridiculous.
Don't start with me today.
I'm not doing anything including washing.
Get up already.
What's this?
Is this dirt in your nails?
How gross.
Ho Rang, there's dirt in your nails.
Hey! What are you talking about?
Look at them closely! There's nothing...
Won Seok.
Look at that.
What's this?
Ho Rang, remember my favorite mathematician?
Mr. Kurt Godel.
His theorem of incompleteness...
is the basis of today's computer system.
There's a saying...
that there's a mathematical proposition...
that cannot be proven even if it's the mathematical truth.
I think for all this time, I wanted to prove myself to you.
But what I realized is...
that our love will never be completely proven.
It's because our love is the perfect truth.
Do you get what I mean?
Do you think I understand...
what you mean?
Stop talking developer's nonsense and say it now.
I'll never make you feel insecure anymore.
So Ho Rang,
will you...
marry me?
Am I really getting married?
Yes, we are really getting married.
You should've proposed when I'm looking pretty, not like this.
That's why I told you to wash up.
What's this? Where's this water dripping from?
What's going on?
Let's wrap up our meeting today.
Ms. Yoon Bo Mi. Your boss is talking.
Have a seat.
Everyone, I have good news.
I scouted a super competent developer to our company.
- Really? - Really?
Who is it?
Many of you might know this person.
I present...
Mr. Shim Won Seok.
Give him a hand.
What's wrong with you guys?
Let's talk outside.
Please wrap up the meeting.
Why are they against him?
What do you mean?
That's because "Get Up" was a complete failure.
If you're scouting him based on friendship and sympathy,
I thought it was only right for me to stop you on behalf of them.
Se Hee, do you think I'm a corrupted man?
Won Seok might look naive,
but he's a real genius.
Do you remember the sensational website, "07 Finder"?
You know the freshman of Computer Engineering department...
who made the website for finding a hot girl from the class of 2007.
It was so popular and its server was down many times.
Won Seok made that website.
Do you know how old he was then? He was only 18.
He went to school earlier and finished high school earlier too.
He was the top though he's two years younger than others in the class.
I know he doesn't really know...
about business.
But as a developer, he is the best.
It's true. Do you not believe me, Se Hee?
What's that face?
You are making a face like you are looking at a stray cat in the rain.
No.
- What are you talking about? - No!
Do you know what the most annoying thing is in the world?
Having to stop pooping half way, not wiping after pooping,
and someone not saying what he was trying to say.
I see. Let's go out and talk.
Why do we have to go out? It's cold outside.
I see.
Mr. Ma. Did you...
cry by any chance?
Why would I cry?
What? What do you mean?
Your eyes go red like that after crying.
Your skin under your eyes is more sensitive than others'.
What are you talking about? What is red?
What do you know about my skin?
What do you know about me?
I see.
Even though I've known you for 18 years,
I cannot say I know everything about you.
Yes, even though you are my closest friend, you cannot know everything.
Look. I'm just allergic to something.
So this part is always a bit red like this.
Why would I cry? It's normally red like this anyway.
That's true. Everyone doesn't know everything about himself.
So a person wouldn't know everything about the other person either.
That's right.
By the way,
Yes?
why did you cry?
It looks totally fine like it's new.
I know, right?
I wanted to keep it clean until I say goodbye to it though.
"Until I say goodbye"?
Are you trying to sell it to someone?
How much would you like to get from it?
It's a secret.
He's so adorable.
I think I will sleep with you if I stay with you more tonight.
By the way,
the room number was 304. It wasn't 303. The room we stayed, you know.
Did I say I wanted to date you? I said I wanted to sleep with you.
That's right.
I'm evil.
I'm evil and that's why I can survive in this field.
Mr. Ma.
Excuse me,
are you crying?
Why are you...
Are you sick?
- Mr. Ma! - Mr. Ma!
Come with me.
- Where is he? - Mr. Ma!
I couldn't find him here.
Then where is he?
- Let's go this way. - Mr. Ma!
If your employees find their boss crying,
it will be really embarrassing.
What is it? Are you really sick or something?
Do you want me to take you to a hospital?
I thought about it,
but I don't think I can give up my work.
What?
I thought about it a lot.
I don't think I can sell my company.
But if I don't do that,
I can't see you anymore.
So...
my heart is...
aching so much.
If you really want to sleep with me, sell your company and quit your job.
Then I will date you.
Just because I told you to...
sell your company away...
Did you take it seriously?
Love matters to me.
But...
my work matters too.
It's really embarrassing.
But...
just the thought of not seeing you made me this way.
Can I...
kiss you now?
What?
What did you say?
Can I kiss you now?
Don't do this to me. I cannot give up my work.
So? Should I not kiss you?
That's not what I meant.
Should I do it then?
Yes.
Most of us misunderstand others.
We shouldn't say,
"I know how you feel."
Where's Mr. Ma?
Let's go to the cafe. I'll buy you a cake.
The reason I'm hopeful is...
because I know people have their limits.
Hi, how are you?
Unless we try hard,
we can't understand each other.
Love exists...
in this kind of world.
Mr. Shim, I heard you are moving to Gyul Mal Ae.
Is that why you stopped our project?
I feel pathetic for wasting two years just because of you.
Let's see how it goes.
As long as you love someone,
we have to try hard.
Here I am! I'm all ready!
What do you think? Do I look good?
- Isn't it pretty? - It is.
Trying hard for the other person...
makes life...
something worth trying.
(We have to work hard as long as we're in love.)
That book must be fun. You're always reading it.
Yes, it's fun.
Are you still mad at me?
What do you mean?
Oh, you mean how I almost ruined myself...
because I tried to hit on you?
I'm really sorry.
I'm letting it go because your fake husband is cool.
I never thought I'd fall by such words.
You have a sweet landlord.
What did he say?
I asked him when he came to pay for the rearview mirror.
I asked him why he married you.
So? What did he say?
Why didn't Mr. Ma come today?
Oh, Mr. Ma...
had another important plan.
Oh, I heard Won Seok is going to work in your company.
Yes, I think he's going to work in my team.
I see.
There are so many stars in the sky tonight.
Is that the Big Dipper?
What's that?
They're our wedding photos.
They look nice.
I forgot about them.
My colleagues worked on them...
as a wedding gift.
It looks quite empty.
You should've called more people.
Actually, I don't have that many friends.
I have only these two.
Two is a lot.
That's not a lot.
I think having just one friend...
is more than enough in life.
That's how I think.
What about love?
Does that apply to love?
I think one love is also enough...
in life.
Sure.
I agree.
In life,
having one love...
is more than enough.
Soo Ji once said that it's better to meet as many boyfriends...
as possible, just like real estate agents.
Ho Rang once said the one you're marrying...
is the love and destiny of life.
But for me,
ever since I was young, I thought having one love...
in life is more than enough.
(Poem Collection: The Island)
(Marriage registration form, December 24th, 2005)
(Husband: Nam Se Hee)
(Wife: Jung Min)
I like someone.
- What are you talking about? - Who?
My husband.
Are you kidding me?
What are you doing? Are you rubbing it in?
Then I'm going to say out loud that I love Won Seok.
These wenches. Go to sleep already!
The one and only love in my life...
has begun.
(Because This Is My First Life)
I love being married.
Having a crush on your husband...
after marriage must not be easy.
Is it that obvious?
Is it because of this?
Your immediate superior is that lady.
Are you okay with working here?
I'm getting married!
Are you writing a contract for going out with me?
I like you. I'd love to go out with you.
You and Soo Ji? Your life is ruined now. You can never fix it.
Sang Goo, my darling.
How are you going to make everything alone?
How can I make my daughter-in-law work when she's so precious?
Ji Ho is now getting what in-laws are like.
Is there any way...
to get inside his heart?